Aspirational Resume
Objective:
Entrepreneur, Data Scientist, AI and ML strategist would like to work and create environment where people and technology grows, thrive and achieve excellence. Enrich the user experience, contribute in technological growth and transform the business through incorporating intelligent technologies into the digital systems.
Project and experience:
GAME Changer: 
Implementation of Data science and ML to the dataset of a game to help in building team combination in case of selecting a team based on environmental condition, talent availability and opponent strengths and weaknesses. The data of individual players and opponent team, environmental conditions are collected, analyzed and modelled for building game strategy, selecting team and making suggestions to improvements. 

LIFE Saver: 
Medical images and sensors, Clinical history, patient genome data analyzed and modelled to identify the ailment and build the treatment strategy. The system also recommends behavioral and environmental changes which would bring fast recovery, create recommendation and remediation during run time.  This would also analyze location and environmental data to bring recommendations if the conditions are suitable for individuals.

FRAUD Alert:
Various fraudulent cases are analyzed and modelled to create a recommendation against user transactions to identify fraud and genuine transaction. The system also analyzes the user transaction pattern and create recommendations how expenses could be arranged with various promotional offers to create savings.

Tools and Technology:
Programing: R, Python
Data Set: Big Data Hadoop, Oracle and Mysql
 Algorithms and Modeling: Linear and nonlinear regression, Clustering & Decision Tree

Education and Certifications:
Certification in Data Science and ML from Data Science Learning Academy.
Bigdata certification from Cloudera foundations.
Certification in Advanced Statistics and Deep learning.
Workshop on Data Science and ML for Healthcare and life science.



